how's it going and welcome back to James
chats so yesterday Google announced a
new thing with Google Maps called the
Pokemon challenge I've made it very
clear by now that I love Pokemon
and the amount of to you guys that sent
me this video on Twitter Facebook all of
it has been insane which make it makes
me feel good that you guys understand my
love for Pokemon naturally of course I
checked it out I saw it like right away
and I thought I would talk about that
today because it is on my mind so
basically what you do is you pull up
Google Maps and you hit the search bar
and when you you're first starting
there's like a little poke ball icon and
it says start here or something like
that I can't remember and what it does
is you can then start a Pokemon journey
and you'll end up at a Pokemon lab right
and that's Google's headquarters in
California and when you first start
you'll see a couple of Pokemon right
away within sight basically when you see
a Pokemon on the map you can click on it
and on the bottom of the screen you'll
see an option to catch that Pokemon and
you'll you'll tap that icon and it'll
catch the Pokemon and it'll add it to
your pokedex and right now I've got 62 I
plan on getting all of them tonight it's
pretty cool obviously it's not as
elaborate as the announcement video made
it seem although that would be amazing
but it's still pretty cool because you
can explore all around the world by the
way sydney australia has a ton of
pokemon they're just saying and you go
to all these different places you can
find more pokemon and here and there and
like they'll pop up you'll have like two
redundant ones every now and then and
it's actually pretty cool it's pretty
cool and the fact that they actually did
anything instead of just making the
crazy video i like that but it's
obviously lacking a lot and i have some
amazing ideas that should happen whether
it's Google or Nintendo that does this I
think this needs to be a thing so
basically this is my this is my deal you
have either maybe it's a 3ds or your
phone whoever's doing it doesn't matter
I don't care it has G
pS built into the system as you're
walking around you can have random
encounters with wild Pokemon like it'll
notify you that's something that
happened in it you can pull it out and
be like oh my goodness
I can try to catch this Pokemon dude to
do and the more places you adventure the
more encounters you'll get which
wouldn't make people active which would
be awesome and here's another kicker
through Wi-Fi it'll be able to tell when
someone is nearby and if you're if you
go past someone it will notify you as
like this can be a battle do you want to
battle this person you're walking along
to do anything and then also your phone
goes up you like oh my goodness it's
time to battle and there's someone like
5 feet away their own battle it's battle
time how awesome I got me ok you get
people out and active and just think if
there's like certain Pokemon they have
to go to this one location to get like
that would be awesome
you have your own region like you let's
say you live in this area that there's
that region with these kinds of Pokemon
from all generations I don't care but
like all of these Pokemon even find in
this region and you trade with someone
from another region through the internet
this is just needs to happen like this
is fun like this is pretty cool because
I can like think of really cool places
like the Eiffel Tower I went there there
was a Pokemon there was like catching it
Nintendo now let's send this to Nintendo
Nintendo you know I know that you have a
strong grip on Pokemon you'll never let
it go which is why I'm telling you next
console unless the 3ds has I don't think
3ds has it should have GPS and that
should be a thing this needs to happen
who's with me
I think it could be really cool I don't
know maybe that maybe I'm just crazy let
me know what you think in the comment
section down below thank you guys for
watching I hope I didn't miss anything I
probably missed a lot but whatever I'm
sure I'll talk more about it in days to
come so that I keep rambling thank you
for watching and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
and time okay well you should be able to
get it is it in YouTube yep we're good
now thank you
yep did uh how to do the dirt face